README.md, before:

# SUML

[![Powered by Kedro](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-kedro-ffc900?logo=kedro)](https://kedro.org)

## Overview

This is your new Kedro project with Kedro-Viz setup, which was generated using `kedro 0.19.10`.

Take a look at the [Kedro documentation](https://docs.kedro.org) to get started.

## Rules and guidelines

In order to get the best out of the template:

- Don't remove any lines from the `.gitignore` file we provide
- Make sure your results can be reproduced by following a [data engineering convention](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/faq/faq.html#what-is-data-engineering-convention)
- Don't commit data to your repository
- Don't commit any credentials or your local configuration to your repository. Keep all your credentials and local configuration in `conf/local/`

## Docker deployment

To run this project with Docker, you must:

1. Build the Docker Image

   ```
   docker build -t delivery-prediction-app .
   ```

2. Run the Docker Container

   ```
   docker run -p 8501:8501 delivery-prediction-app
   ```

3. Open the website in your browser on port 8501 or serve it.

## How to install dependencies

Declare any dependencies in `requirements.txt` for `pip` installation.

To install them, run:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to run your Kedro pipeline

You can run your Kedro project with:

```
kedro run
```

## How to test your Kedro project

Have a look at the files `src/tests/test_run.py` and `src/tests/pipelines/data_science/test_pipeline.py` for instructions on how to write your tests. Run the tests as follows:

```
pytest
```

To configure the coverage threshold, look at the `.coveragerc` file.

## Project dependencies

To see and update the dependency requirements for your project use `requirements.txt`. Install the project requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

[Further information about project dependencies](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_project_setup/dependencies.html#project-specific-dependencies)

## How to work with Kedro and notebooks

> Note: Using `kedro jupyter` or `kedro ipython` to run your notebook provides these variables in scope: `catalog`, `context`, `pipelines` and `session`.
>
> Jupyter, JupyterLab, and IPython are already included in the project requirements by default, so once you have run `pip install -r requirements.txt` you will not need to take any extra steps before you use them.

### Jupyter

To use Jupyter notebooks in your Kedro project, you need to install Jupyter:

```
pip install jupyter
```

After installing Jupyter, you can start a local notebook server:

```
kedro jupyter notebook
```

### JupyterLab

To use JupyterLab, you need to install it:

```
pip install jupyterlab
```

You can also start JupyterLab:

```
kedro jupyter lab
```

### IPython

And if you want to run an IPython session:

```
kedro ipython
```

### How to ignore notebook output cells in `git`

To automatically strip out all output cell contents before committing to `git`, you can use tools like [`nbstripout`](https://github.com/kynan/nbstripout). For example, you can add a hook in `.git/config` with `nbstripout --install`. This will run `nbstripout` before anything is committed to `git`.

> _Note:_ Your output cells will be retained locally.

[Further information about using notebooks for experiments within Kedro projects](https://docs.kedro.org/en/develop/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.html).

## Package your Kedro project

[Further information about building project documentation and packaging your project](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/tutorial/package_a_project.html).

Commit message:

Add Streamlit Community Cloud section to `README.md`

README.md, after:

# SUML

[![Powered by Kedro](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-kedro-ffc900?logo=kedro)](https://kedro.org)

## Overview

This is your new Kedro project with Kedro-Viz setup, which was generated using `kedro 0.19.10`.

Take a look at the [Kedro documentation](https://docs.kedro.org) to get started.

## Rules and guidelines

In order to get the best out of the template:

- Don't remove any lines from the `.gitignore` file we provide
- Make sure your results can be reproduced by following a [data engineering convention](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/faq/faq.html#what-is-data-engineering-convention)
- Don't commit data to your repository
- Don't commit any credentials or your local configuration to your repository. Keep all your credentials and local configuration in `conf/local/`

## Streamlit hosting

This app can be accessed [here](https://czuberion-amf-srcsumlpipelinesappstreamlit-uxx1mn.streamlit.app/).

> [!NOTE]  
> Streamlit apps will go to sleep if not visited regularly, requiring a prompt to reinitialize them. [Docs](https://docs.streamlit.io/deploy/streamlit-community-cloud/manage-your-app#app-hibernation)

## Docker deployment

To run this project with Docker, you must:

1. Build the Docker Image

   ```
   docker build -t delivery-prediction-app .
   ```

2. Run the Docker Container

   ```
   docker run -p 8501:8501 delivery-prediction-app
   ```

3. Open the website in your browser on port 8501 or serve it.

## How to install dependencies

Declare any dependencies in `requirements.txt` for `pip` installation.

To install them, run:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to run your Kedro pipeline

You can run your Kedro project with:

```
kedro run
```

## How to test your Kedro project

Have a look at the files `src/tests/test_run.py` and `src/tests/pipelines/data_science/test_pipeline.py` for instructions on how to write your tests. Run the tests as follows:

```
pytest
```

To configure the coverage threshold, look at the `.coveragerc` file.

## Project dependencies

To see and update the dependency requirements for your project use `requirements.txt`. Install the project requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

[Further information about project dependencies](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_project_setup/dependencies.html#project-specific-dependencies)

## How to work with Kedro and notebooks

> Note: Using `kedro jupyter` or `kedro ipython` to run your notebook provides these variables in scope: `catalog`, `context`, `pipelines` and `session`.
>
> Jupyter, JupyterLab, and IPython are already included in the project requirements by default, so once you have run `pip install -r requirements.txt` you will not need to take any extra steps before you use them.

### Jupyter

To use Jupyter notebooks in your Kedro project, you need to install Jupyter:

```
pip install jupyter
```

After installing Jupyter, you can start a local notebook server:

```
kedro jupyter notebook
```

### JupyterLab

To use JupyterLab, you need to install it:

```
pip install jupyterlab
```

You can also start JupyterLab:

```
kedro jupyter lab
```

### IPython

And if you want to run an IPython session:

```
kedro ipython
```

### How to ignore notebook output cells in `git`

To automatically strip out all output cell contents before committing to `git`, you can use tools like [`nbstripout`](https://github.com/kynan/nbstripout). For example, you can add a hook in `.git/config` with `nbstripout --install`. This will run `nbstripout` before anything is committed to `git`.

> _Note:_ Your output cells will be retained locally.

[Further information about using notebooks for experiments within Kedro projects](https://docs.kedro.org/en/develop/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.html).

## Package your Kedro project

[Further information about building project documentation and packaging your project](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/tutorial/package_a_project.html).
